# covid-19-deep-analysis-
## What is Corona Virus?
Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses which may cause illness in animals or humans. In humans, several coronaviruses are known to cause respiratory infections ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). The most recently discovered coronavirus causes coronavirus disease COVID-19. The virus that causes COVID-19 is mainly transmitted through droplets generated when an infected person coughs, sneezes, or exhales. These droplets are too heavy to hang in the air, and quickly fall on floors or surfaces. You can be infected by breathing in the virus if you are within close proximity of someone who has COVID-19, or by touching a contaminated surface and then your eyes, nose or mouth.
## COVID-19 INDIA LATEST NEWS!!
Coronavirus India Live Updates —Total Coronavirus cases in India has crossed the 4,73,000-mark while COVID 19 death toll is near 14,894 in the country. As per the data shared by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the total number of COVID-19 cases in India now are 4,88,968 , with 2,16,968 active cases and 2,72,000 cured/discharged patients. As many as 15,359 people have died. The recovery rate in the country stands at 57.43 per cent, Health Ministry official said. The Global hunt for coronavirus COVID 19 vaccine is on even as large parts of the world is battling a war against the highly contagious disease. Total confirmed coronavirus cases around the world are 9.44 M. So far, 4,87,210 people have died due to COVID 19, according to Johns Hopkins University Coronavirus Resource Center data.
## ABOUT THE DATA SET
This project gives a detailed analysis about the Covid -19 pandemic in India during the period between January and May. For this , we will be using multiple datasets from various sources . We will be using datasets like age_group_details , hospital_beds_in_India , Individual_details , per_day_cases , covid-19_in_India etc.
## Visit this link to have a look at this project:-
https://covid-19-deep-analysis.herokuapp.com/
